Add troubleshooting of node maintenance mode (#619)
harvester/docs: docs/host/host.md

## Node Maintenance

In the following scenarios, you plan to migrate/shutdown the workloads from one node and also possibly shutdown the node.

- Replace/add/remove hardware

- Change the network setting

- Troubleshooting

- Remove a node

Harvester provides `Node Maintenance` feature to run a series of checks and operations automatically.

> For admin users, you can click **Enable Maintenance Mode** to evict all VMs from a node automatically. It will leverage the `VM live migration` feature to migrate all VMs to other nodes automatically. Note that at least two active nodes are required to use this feature.

Author: `For admin users,...`

Is the existing text and has been reviewed before.

In this PR, it is not touched, why a change is required?

> For admin users, you can click **Enable Maintenance Mode** to evict all VMs from a node automatically. It will leverage the `VM live migration` feature to migrate all VMs to other nodes automatically. Note that at least two active nodes are required to use this feature.

Author: Anyway, I updated per the comments first.

> For admin users, you can click **Enable Maintenance Mode** to evict all VMs from a node automatically. It will leverage the `VM live migration` feature to migrate all VMs to other nodes automatically. Note that at least two active nodes are required to use this feature.

Reviewer: > Is the existing text and has been reviewed before.
> In this PR, it is not touched, why a change is required?

1. Mentions of "Node Maintenance" were changed to "Maintenance Mode" for consistency. Users should ideally see just one term for each concept.
2. Sometimes we must rewrite existing text so that it matches the new text and the whole document flows better.
3. Improving the documentation is my responsibility as technical writer. Deciding how to implement the improvements is my prerogative.

cc: @bk201

![node-maintenance.png](/img/v1.2/host/node-maintenance.png)

After a while the target node will enter maintenance mode successfully.

![node-enter-maintenance-mode.png](/img/v1.3/troubleshooting/node-enter-maintenance-mode.png)

:::info important

Check those [known limitations and workarounds](../troubleshooting/host.md#an-enable-maintenance-mode-node-stucks-on-cordoned-state) before you click this menu or when you have encountered some issues.

If you have attached any volume to this node manually, it may block the node maintenance, check the affection of [Manually Attached Volumes](../troubleshooting/host.md#manually-attached-volumes) and set a proper global option.

> If you have any single-replica volume, it may block the node maintenance, check the affection of [Single-Replica Volumes](../troubleshooting/host.md#single-replica-volumes) and set a proper global option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have any single-replica volume, it may block the node maintenance, check the section  [Single-Replica Volumes](../troubleshooting/host.md#single-replica-volumes) and set a proper global option.
```

Author: Thanks @ibrokethecloud, all related parts are updated.

If the remaining nodes do not have enough resources, VMs might fail to migrate and volumes might degrade when you remove a node.

> If you have some volumes which were created from the customized `StorageClass` with the value **1** of the [Number of Replicas](../advanced/storageclass.md#number-of-replicas), it is recommended to backup those single-replica volumes or re-deploy the related workloads to other node in advance to get the volume scheduled to other node. Otherwise, those volumes can't be rebuilt or restored from other nodes after this node is removed.

Reviewer 3: This is a good argument for retaining the existing behavior of `block-if-contains-last-replica` instead of implementing the change requested by https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/9188. If we allow the drain even though the drained node contains an "unprotected" replica, and then the customer feels it is safe to remove the node, their data is gone.
